README.md, before:

###copyright###
core scala code(QuartzActor.scala) forking at [theatrus/akka-quartz](https://github.com/theatrus/akka-quartz)
###Using###

Include the following dependency in your `build.sbt`:

    "com.blue" % "akka-quartz_2.9.2" % "0.1.0"

Include the following resolver in your `build.sbt`:
    
    resolvers +="blue repo" at "http://blueway.github.com/repo/release"

coding demo:

```scala
import akka.actor._
class PrintActor extends Actor{
  def receive ={
    case Message(msg) => println(msg)
  }
}

case class Message(msg:String)

object RunT{

  import com.blue._

  def main(args: Array[String]) {
   val system = ActorSystem("sys") 
   val quartzActor = system.actorOf(Props[QuartzActor])
   val dest= system.actorOf(Props[PrintActor])
  quartzActor ! AddCronSchedule(dest, "0/5 * * * * ?", Message("hello"))
  }

}

```

###Log config###
add the logback.xml file at the directory of `src/main/resources`
and add following configs in:  

```xml
  <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
  <configuration>

    <appender name="CONSOLE" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
        <target>System.out</target>
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%date{MM/dd HH:mm:ss} %-5level[%thread] %logger{1} - %msg%n</pattern>
        </encoder>
    </appender>

    <!-- <appender name="FILE" class="ch.qos.logback.core.FileAppender">
        <file>quartz.log</file>
        <append>false</append>
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%date{MM/dd HH:mm:ss} %-5level[%thread] %logger{1} - %msg%n</pattern>
        </encoder>
    </appender> -->

    <logger name="akka" level="DEBUG" />

    <root level="DEBUG">
        <appender-ref ref="CONSOLE"/>
        <!--<appender-ref ref="FILE"/>-->
    </root>

</configuration>
```

Commit message:

add the README.md about the application.conf cononfig

README.md, after:

###copyright###
core scala code(QuartzActor.scala) forking at [theatrus/akka-quartz](https://github.com/theatrus/akka-quartz)
###Using###

Include the following dependency in your `build.sbt`:

    "com.blue" % "akka-quartz_2.9.2" % "0.1.0"

Include the following resolver in your `build.sbt`:
    
    resolvers +="blue repo" at "http://blueway.github.com/repo/release"

config the cron expression in your `application.conf`:
    
    quartz.cron="0/15 * * * * ?"

coding demo:

```scala
import akka.actor._
class PrintActor extends Actor{
  def receive ={
    case Message(msg) => println(msg)
  }
}

case class Message(msg:String)

object RunT{

  import com.blue._

  def main(args: Array[String]) {
   val system = ActorSystem("sys") 
   val quartzActor = system.actorOf(Props[QuartzActor])
   val dest= system.actorOf(Props[PrintActor])
  quartzActor ! AddCronSchedule(dest, "0/5 * * * * ?", Message("hello"))
  }

}

```

###Log config###
add the logback.xml file at the directory of `src/main/resources`
and add following configs in:  

```xml
  <?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
  <configuration>

    <appender name="CONSOLE" class="ch.qos.logback.core.ConsoleAppender">
        <target>System.out</target>
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%date{MM/dd HH:mm:ss} %-5level[%thread] %logger{1} - %msg%n</pattern>
        </encoder>
    </appender>

    <!-- <appender name="FILE" class="ch.qos.logback.core.FileAppender">
        <file>quartz.log</file>
        <append>false</append>
        <encoder>
            <pattern>%date{MM/dd HH:mm:ss} %-5level[%thread] %logger{1} - %msg%n</pattern>
        </encoder>
    </appender> -->

    <logger name="akka" level="DEBUG" />

    <root level="DEBUG">
        <appender-ref ref="CONSOLE"/>
        <!--<appender-ref ref="FILE"/>-->
    </root>

</configuration>
```
